== README

Things you may want to cover:

* Ruby version

* System dependencies

* Configuration

* Database creation

* Database initialization

* How to run the test suite


Roles and permissions

PSAP uses role-based authorization. Each user is assigned to a single role,
which is associated with zero or more unique permissions, each of which enable
users in the role to perform various actions. The system administrator role is
an exception; although not explicitly associated with any permissions, it is
able to do anything. PSAP comes with two different roles: system administrator,
and normal user. The latter can be modified, and additional roles can be added.

Development

This project uses the "Gitflow" git workflow, illustrated at:
* http://nvie.com/posts/a-successful-git-branching-model/
* https://www.atlassian.com/git/workflows#!workflow-gitflow

Coding Standards

Indentation is two spaces. Spaces are used instead of tabs. 80-character
margins are aimed for.

Mail

In development, you will need to copy the SMTP server password to a file
called ".smtp_dev_password" in the application root. Contact a project member
to obtain this password.

Deployment

You must change the secret key when you deploy. The command 'rake secret'
generates a new random secret you can use. Copy it from the console output to
a file called ".secret" in the application root.

Configuration

PSAP uses the standard Rails application configuration files in
config/environments.

The version number is set in app/helpers/application_helper.rb.
